What are you doing here?
Sunan, why are you still mentioning that woman?
She did this to you
After I let her go
You are not allowed to have any contact with this woman
What right do you have to care about me?
I'm your dad
I don't care who cares about you, no matter what you say today
I will never allow you to have any more contact with that woman
Qingqing comes in
Why did you call him here?
Qingqing is the only daughter-in-law of the future rich family
Xiaoxin, you are the only son of a rich family
Everything I have is for you. Your marriage is not love.
It is a responsibility to Fuji Group
responsibility
You know the responsibility now.
When you abandoned my mother, why didn't you know what responsibility was?
Hahaha, I see.
Because your precious son is not dead, is he?
You just remembered now that there is another son, didn't you say?
What is this called?
You and Xiao Chengdu are my sons
Clear things
I don't have your say
Unless you never want to see Sunan again
Doing what?